What type of dance class has Mili never been to?	Ballet	Salsa	Street Dancing	Belly dancing
What profession did Mili want to be when she grew up?	Hairdresser	Musician	Actress	A cake shop owner
Which instrument did Mili play when she was younger?	Trombone	French horn	Trumpet	Tuba
Which celebrity does Mili fancy the most?	Channing Tatum	George Clooney	Chad Michael Murray	Jonathan Rhys Meyers
What is Mili's favourite movie?	Bend it like Beckham	Home Alone	Wild Child	Mean Girls
What is Mili's favourite water activity?	White Water Rafting	Kayaking	Surfing	Jet-skiing
Which house chore does Mili hate the most?	Hanging Clothes Up To Dry	Ironing	Washing up	Taking the bins out
How many white hairs does Mili have?	1	0	2	3
Where in Australia did Mili live for 6 months during university?	Sydney	Melbourne	Cairns	Perth
In which of these places has Mili NOT relieved herself (number 1)?	In a rubbish bin	Next to an ATM	Next to a dual carriageway	In a plant pot
What bodily function of a baby grosses Mili out the most?	Dribble	Wee	Poop	Vomit
At school, what was Mili most voted to be?	Smiley	Annoying	Dead before 30	Have her own business
When Mili was younger, what is the one feature of a man she hated?	Chest Hair	Big ears	Man boobs	Hair longer than hers
What items does Mili like to collect?	Stationery	Coins	Fridge magnets	Postcards
What is Alex's favourite chocolate?	Wispa	Aero	Galaxy	Twix
What is Alex's favourite ice cream flavour?	Mint and Chocolate Chip	Pralines and Cream	Double chocolate chip	Raspberry Ripple
What app does Alex use the most?	Reddit	Google Maps	Youtube	Facebook
What is Alex's idea of a perfect date?	Dinner and comedy show	Picnic on the beach	5 mile hike	Night in on the sofa
Which fruit did Alex once think was the same as a passion fruit?	Pomegranate	Papaya	Lychee	Grapefruit
What is Alex's guilty pleasure?	Lemon cakes	Wrapped up in quilts	Having a nap	Having a 2am pizza
Which of these places has Alex not visited?	Canada	California	Iceland	Venice
What special talent does Alex have?	He can burp on demand	Lick his elbow	Do a back flip	Recite pi to 20 decimal places
What did Alex want to be when he grew up?	Train driver	Pilot	Astronaut	Racing car driver
When Alex was younger, how did he think wool was made?	Eaten, turns into a ball and surgically removed	Made out of old lady's hair knitted together	By collecting giant spider webs and rolling together	By putting a sheep into a washing machine
When Alex was little, what fear did his family use against him to keep him well behaved?	Balloons	Clowns	Abandonment	Hair would fall out
Which of the following scenarios has Alex caused to happen?	Repainting the entire stairs due to a vomiting incident	Replacing kitchen floor tiles after smashing it with a hammer	Caused an area of no grass in the garden due to weedkiller	Broke 2 sofas by jumping on them within 1 hour
Which mountain have they climbed together?	Snowdon	Ben Nevis	Scarfell Pike	Mount Kilamanjaro
What is Alex's most annoying habit in the house?	Playing computer games	Putting socks all over the floor	Leaving shoes in the middle of doorways	Leaving the toilet seat up
What is Alex's nickname for Mili?	Splodge	Bumblebee	Milo	Blob
What would Mili say Alex's best feature is?	His behind	His eyes	His arms	His freckles
At which restaurant did Mili once stand Alex up on a date?	Giraffe	Wagamamas	Nandos	Frankie and Bennys
What is Alex's biggest pet peeve about Mili?	Leaving dirty plates on the sofa	Complain all the time	Being late	Snoring
What habit did Mili pick up from Alex?	Wrapping herself up in quilts	Wearing unmatched socks	Being on time	Playing computer games
On which beach did Alex propose to Mili?	Hunstanton Beach	Brighton Beach	Blackpool	Eastbourne Beach
What sport do they play together?	Badminton	Tennis	Squash	Table tennis
Which reality TV show is their guilty pleasure to watch together?	Love Island	Made in Chelsea	Im a celebrity get me out of here	TOWIE
Which of the following home spa treatments does Alex allow to be done to him?	Face mask	Painting fingernails	Foot spa 	Chest hair waxing
Which special occasion did Alex not get a card for Mili because it had been her birthday 2 weeks prior to it?	Valentines	Christmas	Engagement anniversary	First date anniversary
